README.md, before:

# Public Wifi ByPass

This is a Chrome extension that allows you to bypass public wifi redirections.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository.
2. Open Chrome and go to `chrome://extensions`.

![Image Description](.readme_screens/Screenshot%20(478).png)

3. Enable Developer mode.

![Image Description](.readme_screens/Screenshot%20(479).png)

4. Click on "Load unpacked" and select the cloned repository folder.

![Image Description](.readme_screens/Screenshot%20(480).png)

5. Your Extention is ready...

![Image Description](.readme_screens/Screenshot480fd.png)



## Usage

1. Click on the extension icon to redirect each time you want to fast redirect.

> Note: After installing the extension, you can use it by simply clicking on the extension icon whenever you want to bypass public wifi redirections. This will allow you to quickly redirect to the desired page without being redirected to the public wifi login page.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please fork the repository and submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## Contact

For any questions or suggestions, feel free to reach out to the author at [Y7T007](https://github.com/Y7T007).

Commit message:

Update README.md with instructions for bypassing public wifi redirections

README.md, after:

# Public Wifi ByPass

This is a Chrome extension that allows you to bypass public wifi redirections.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository.
2. Open Chrome and go to `chrome://extensions`.

![Image Description](.readme_screens/Screenshot%20(478).png)

3. Enable Developer mode.

![Image Description](.readme_screens/Screenshot%20(479).png)

4. Click on "Load unpacked" and select the cloned repository folder.

![Image Description](.readme_screens/Screenshot%20(480).png)

5. Your Extention is ready...

![Image Description](.readme_screens/Screenshot480fd.png)



## Usage

1. When u have an Ad Screen like that on a public wifi :

![Image Description](.readme_screens/Screenshot%20(473).png)

2. Click on the extension icon to redirect each time you want to fast redirect.


> Note: After installing the extension, you can use it by simply clicking on the extension icon whenever you want to bypass public wifi redirections. This will allow you to quickly redirect to the desired page without being redirected to the public wifi login page.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please fork the repository and submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## Contact

For any questions or suggestions, feel free to reach out to the author at [Y7T007](https://github.com/Y7T007).
